So what is power of three? Power of three consists of three phases. Your accumulation phase, your manipulation and your distribution. So here's the representation. First off, you have your accumulation phase where price is being trapped inside of one range. Now once price escapes that range, price is targeting that liquidity liquidity underneath your accumulation. And then once price grabs that liquidity, price also induces traders into taking a fake position. Price will induce traders into taking a short in this instance. And this would be your manipulation phase. And now once that manipulation phase is done, you have your distribution. And this is the power of three as far as basics go. So let's talk about the types of accumulations. So for your basic accumulation, what you have is a rejection from an extreme zone, which in this case it's a demand zone. And now you have a rejection from a supply zone. So now price is stuck in a single range. And this is your basic textbook accumulation. So here you have price rejecting from your demand zone and price rejecting from your supply zone. So basically price is squeezed in inside of one range. This swing high and this swing low. So now let's talk about compression. Compression is another type of accumulation. And what you'll see here is it's still kind of similar which price is moving sideways but in a more trendy way. So it's not that it's strictly moving sideways, it's moving sideways with a slight trend. So, as you can see here, price is moving in a slide channel, and this would be your compression. Let's go over the different types of manipulation. So, what is a quick draw? A quick draw is when price comes out of the accumulation, an instant breakout, and goes the opposite way. So, it's a quick fake out, liquidity gets absorbed, and price goes the opposite direction. Take a look into a cumulative sweep. The main difference here is once price breaks out of the accumulation, you would see a consolidation or price accumulating in some sort of way. This could also come in a whiteoff schematic form and the main purpose of this is to induce traders into taking more short positions. So once price breaks out, in this case price broke to the downside, you seen an accumulation and you would think that this is just an accumulation to continue going to the downside and this is one of the purposes. The second purpose is to drive fear to drive fear into the market. So you wouldn't think of taking a bullish position. And in this case, this is just simply a manipulation. Before you proceed, please make sure you like the video. This will help us continue making these free lessons. So let's go over the different types of manipulation. So when talking about the quick draw, what you have is price coming out of your accumulation and instantly coming back inside of that previous range. And that previous range would obviously be your accumulation. So when price grabs that liquidity and comes quickly back inside the range. This could also be a wick or it could be a body close. Doesn't matter. This could come in different forms, this would be your quick draw. And sometimes you might even get a double swing, which in this case would be a W. And inverted this would be an M. So this would still be considered a quick draw because price did not spend too long outside of your accumulation and your manipulation was relatively fast. Now a accumulative manipulation would take some time. Price would consolidate here again. So you would have an accumulation on top of another accumulation and then price would distribute. So same thing inverted. If price grabs your buy side liquidity, you would anticipate another accumulation. This could come in a whiteoff schematic or it could just be simply an internal trap. then price to distribute. So you can see the difference that price did spend a significant amount of time outside of your accumulation. What we have here is a quick draw on liquidity. And why specifically this swing high? Because if you look previously what you had is price being trapped inside of this range, this swing low and this swing high and price was trapped inside. This is where the accumulation was. Then you had your manipulation and then you had your distribution. So again this is your accumulation this was your manipulation and this was your distribution. So here we have another example and as we continue going in this lesson you're going to understand how to validate your AMDs using context and a confirmation. But for now let's just get down to the basics. This is your accumulation and this will be a compression. Why is this a compression accumulation? Because this is a trendy accumulation. Price is not still. So this still has a bearish momentum to it. So if you draw your trend lines, you would still see that this is an accumulation that does have a direction. And this would be your compression where your where your accumulation has somewhat of a trend. Now if it was still it would be your basic but this one clearly has a trend and the trend is bearish. So this is your accumulation. Now you have your manipulation right here. So this is your manipulation. Now let's look at the type of manipulation. Price rejected once, broke structure, came down, broke structure, broke the sell side, grabbed liquidity, now rallying again. So what kind of manipulation is this? This will be an accumulative. Why? Because you can clearly see the WOF schematic. You can see that this was your climax. This was your test was your purge. This was your RTO. So you can see price did spend a significant amount of time outside of your initial accumulation. So this was your manipulation and then price distributed. And we'll come back to this exact example when it comes to confirming your context and your final confirmation. Let's talk about the power of three from a macro perspective and the role it plays in creating the macro range. So for the first leg of your range, what you have is your accumulation, manipulation, and distribution. And now for your second leg, you have the exact same thing. Accumulation, manipulation, distribution. And where your range is is the swing low and swing high. This would be your range. So from a lower time frame perspective, you would still see that the power of three is applicable inside of your macro range. So on the lower time frames, what you would see is something like this. And when you take a further look, you would see that all these manipulations were a reaction from a higher time frame point of interest. So like we said previously, we are going to come back to this example and first of all you're looking for context. So look at this accumulation. What was the purpose of this? So if you pull your fib, you'd understand that this accumulation happened during your extreme zone or actually inside of your extreme zone. Price was reacting from this extreme zone which in this case is your demand. So this is where the heavy is. We can draw this. This is where your heavy demand is and price was trying to go higher. So buys were starting to get injected but eventually the buys were not enough but price did initially try to go higher. As you can see price was fighting this zone. Price was fighting the zone. So that was kind of your first clue that this was a valid level and this accumulation did happen in your extreme zone. Now price failed that zone and grabbed external liquidity. When price grabbed external liquidity that's when you got your manipulation. So your manipulation was the sole purpose was to grab liquidity. And why was the liquidity needed? Because the demand level was weak. This was your stop hunt which is your manipulation. And since the demand was not strong enough, price needed external liquidity to go higher. So now this is your second context. Now what is your third context? So what you want to do is you want to go on a higher time frame. So since we are on the 4 hour, we can go daily. And if you look at price from this point of view, actually let's delete everything. What do you see? Especially if you've been a student here for a while, been following up with my YouTube channel. See that this is your ETM model. This is your higher time frame ETM model. Why? Because you had your structure here. You had a breakup structure. Price came back inside of this range, inside of this swing high and this swing low. tested and broke structure again but this wasn't enough and price had to grab liquidity. So this was your third context price broke structure and had to come back for external liquidity and all you have to do is search ETM ETM model and you will find the lesson. So now let's go back on the 4 hour and let's look for our confirmation. So when looking for your confirmation, understand that this was your accumulation. This was your manipulation, right? And this is what I mean by not every AMD works. It's just you need you need multiple confirmations. And even when you do get all these multiple confirmations, it still might not work because nothing is for certain in the market. So keep that in mind. But what you're doing is you're stacking the odds in your favor. And let's take a look at how price broke out of this out of this accumulation. So what forced this break? We know we're looking for a compressive accumulation. We're looking for that aggressive break. And this was the aggressive break. This is the break that broke out of your accumulation. So if your accumulation end was right here, this was the swing low. This was the break. So what pushed it? Where do you see the significant push? You see two significant pushes, right? Let's delete this and let's actually draw. So this was the initial push and once price got to the extreme zones right here. So again, you can pull out your fib if you're brand new. Understand that this was the zone that was stopping price from completely breaking down and price got pushed again. Where did price get pushed again? Price got pushed again right here. And what happened here? If you go on a lower time frame, you would see another compression, you had a micro compression right here. So this is where the push was. Price tried to buy. So again, going back to concept of extreme zones. This was a failed purchase. So your failed purchase was right here. Bulls couldn't dominate the market and price sold off. So now that you get this, let's go back on the 4 hour and understand that this was your barrier. So this right here was your barrier. What you do is you would highlight it. This is where the barrier was. So now anything beneath this is your manipulation. And once price gets above this zone now this confirmed your manipulation. And where's your manipulation confirmed to? Confirmed back to extreme zone. So again you will mark up the top of your accumulation. And you can see all this occurred during fair price. What a coincidence. And once price breaks above this zone, you understand that you do have a strong bias all the way up to the next point of extreme. So this is where the highest probability of Rome is. And obviously you're trying to take price above to grab by side liquidity. So this will be your set confirmation. So you can there's multiple ways to trade this. One way to trade this is you can wait for a break. So let's highlight this area again. One way you can trade this is you once price breaks the structure, you're going for a clean one to one or you can wait for price to break outside of the zone and retrace and bounce back again. So once price back bounce back again, you can pull out your fib, grab the range of your blockade right here where the failure was and have your stop loss right at the extreme right here. And you could even have it a little bit higher if you want to, but to be conservative, you should have it right here and have your takeprofit exactly the same. So, this is one way to confirm. And obviously, if you have the entire bias, you can now target the entire range. So, now you can target this swing low and this swing high. And you can target all the way up to here or your final TP all the way outside of the ring. So, let's take a look at this example. So, what do we have here? We have an accumulation. This was our accumulation and price broke out of this accumulation. So now this is our potential manipulation. So this is our potential manipulation. So what are the steps? What are we looking for to validate this? We're looking for context and a confirmation. So let's look for context. So context, where is where is price reacting from? Price is reacting from an extreme zone. This is the bottom quarter of the range and we can go on a lower time frame and see if there was an order block there. We have here in this entire zone there is an order block right here. Let's go back on the 1 hour and we can see that price is reacting from this order block. So what is another context? Price was in a bearish trend and you had a change of character right here. This is one of the earliest signs of change of character because of this breakup structure. And one of the first signs of a change of character is that breakup structure. So you had a breakup structure. And not only a breakup structure, you had a failed attempt here and then price finally broke structure, tested this area, thought about going higher, reacted off an extreme of a micro range and failed. So this is definitely a potential change of character. So now let's erase this. We have our context. Actually, let's go back. What are we looking for now? We are looking for a confirmation. What forced price to come out of this zone? So one, what pushed price outside of this range? Start thinking of this accumulation spitting price out. That's the easiest way to explain it. Your accumulation, your money being racked up, something spits price out. You want to see what this was the first attempt. Price came down here but failed and came back inside. came up here and then you had your quote unquote spit. So, this was our blockade from here all the way to here. This is what push price to the downside. So, now we can mark this up as our confirmation zone. And again, once price breaks outside of the zone, you can take a continuation trade. And obviously, there's two types of traders. Either you're a continuation trader or a or a rejection trader. If you are a continuation trader, you would wait for a trade once price breaks structure. And the reason for this is if price runs away. So sometimes once price breaks these zones, price instantly just shoots up and it won't give you that retest time. So that's one. But if you're trading continuations, your stop loss would be a bit wider. Now, if you get a break and a retest, you'll be a reversal trader. And if you're reversal trader, you can shrink your stop loss. So your stop loss will be dependent on this level holding. So you'll be able to shrink your stop loss a little bit above the previous rejection. So these are the two ways. And where would your takeprofit be? Your takeprofit would always be the extreme. Again, we don't target external levels. By external levels, I mean targeting outside of this range. It's just simply too risky. You always want to target the top supply or inverted you would target your top quarter demand. So in this case, this would be a supply. So this would be the target. And again, you can take a continuation or you can take a break all the way up to this level. And what did you have here? You had a micro test. So, this was your first test, your first opportunity. And if you didn't get in right here, you can always wait for that retest. So again, why do we get out right here? Because these these are levels of danger. Price could always reverse at an extreme uh supply or an extreme demand. So keep that in mind. And again, all the steps you look for context once you locate your context. You always you always want more than one reason for context. You don't just want one reason. Oh, price is reacting of a demand zone. I mean, this this could happen all over the chart. You want to add two or three context. In this case, you had this micro breakup structure. You look at previously, you can see that the trend is bearish. So, there was no reason to break high unless we are going for a change of character. And and again, you're not you're not really looking for the entire change of character to take price to the highest highs and even potentially right here. You just need that momentum. You're using the momentum of a higher time frame setup on a intraday trade or higher probability. So, we're not going to spend a bunch of time talking about market maker models because that will require a whole another lesson. But to keep it simple, as far as basics go, when looking at your structure from the lower time frame getting closer to that entry, what you would see is these bases. And inside of these bases, you would see your AMD or power of three playing out. So, this is the 12 hour. Again, you can go on the 12 hour. you just see a little bit more depth when it comes to your 12-h hour. So, what you've seen previously is the market being in a somewhat of a compression. And if you want to even look at it from a macro perspective, you can even say that this is this is an accumulation. This is a manipulation and price could potentially go for a distribution. That's one way to look at it. Another reason, always look for context. There's no point of guessing. So let's look if the market is overextended. So and here we have uh the mar our overextension zones and we can see that the market is in fact overextended and we can see this light consolidation showing that now we have two reasons to anticipate price to turn bearish. So now let's go on a lower time frame. So now let's go on the 4 hour. We don't want to jump all the way. So, what could we potentially wait for here? We understand that we do have bearish bias or at least attempt to have a bearish bias. We do have lows being made. So, what we want is this compression to be broken. So, let's draw our rays. We don't have a ray here. So, let's just draw a trend line. And we have our compression. So now that we have our compression, what we want to see now is an accumulate uh a manipulation. We want to see price breaking this manipulation. So we have price breaking out of the zone and understand that a lot of traders, especially your trend line traders, will try and take a buy right here. Keep that in mind that a compression compression when it comes to AMD is also a trap for trend lines and your baseline compression which is your basic working off your baseline is a trap for support and resistance your classic uh horizontal support and resistance. So the market traps both trend lines and classic support and resistance guys. So you had your manipulation. So again this would be your this would be your accumulation and this would be your manipulation. So what pushed price to break out of this zone? Remember if this was the the highest point of your zone what push price to break out of the zone. push price to break is this zone right here. Now we can mark up the push. Remember back to the spit analogy. So price got beneath it. So you could potentially get in a trade or wait for retracement. Whichever way could go for your one to one could clear up the zone and go break even. And I would advise going break even once you actually exit your compression. So once you exit your compression, you should go to break even. Now you can go to break even, close the trade or ride it all the way to the extreme. The extreme in this case would be the extreme would be this point right here. Let's carry on. We can erase everything and continue looking at structure. What do we have here? Price is accumulating. So what are we waiting for? If you take a closer look, what you see here is you had a low be made, a high be made. Price reacted up this zone and now price is reacting off this zone. Again, we are bearish. So we are strictly looking for buy side liquidity. So you have your manipulation. What pushed price? What pushed price to break out of this accumulation? What pushed price is this zone right here. So once price got below this zone, you can take a trade. with your stop loss above here and you are taking it at your first TP would be this range. So the extreme of this range, your second TP would be the bottom of this range. When price breaks this zone, you can go back to targeting your macro range, which is again it was this zone right here, the zone of this entire range. And if you missed your entry, I would always advise to use continuations because you don't want the trade to run away. But in case it does, you still might get a retracement right here and a rejection from this zone right here. That usually happens. And you didn't get a rejection. You got really close. That's fine. You can obviously move to break even now. Now that you broke these lows and ride it all the way to somewhere around here. Now you you're starting to have another range. Delete everything. You had a rejection right here with a quick draw. Let's see if price fails to break this zone here. Price fails to break this zone as well. Let's see if price can come up. What do we have? Let's actually mark up our zone. Okay, so we are at an extreme demand zone. This would be our extreme demand zone. If this is our extreme demand zone, that means price is reacting from this zone. And prior to this, we had a accumulation. This was our accumulation. If this was our accumulation, what forced price to form this um manipulation? What what was the last point that pushed price out? The last out, you had a buy, then a sell. This was the last point and mark up this entire zone. Once price breaks above this zone, you can get in a buy and go back to targeting these highs this extreme. So, let's see. Go long. Once price breaks above this zone, stop loss right here. TP could be right here at the extreme. That's actually good confirmation that price is failing to break above this zone. When it does, it'll probably be aggressive. Price failed our entry. Let's delete and start off again. What do we have here? We have a range being formed and range broke. Let's wait if we can find another accumulation. Okay, so now we have a internal rejection right here. Let's see if price rejects from this supply. Price rejects from this supply. We're looking at these lows. This is a little bit difficult price action, but this since this is not a since this is not a full market maker model lesson, we might as well just experiment for now. So, we have a stop line. So, let's see if price comes back and forms our man manipulation. But again, this is our accumulation price. Price failed here and price failed here. So this is in fact an accumulation. Now price closed back inside. So what forced price to break out of this zone? The only evidence we have is this level right here. And I'm automatically not a fan of this just for the simple fact that if price if price does break above this zone, I mean to have a trade like this, something like this for your 10 one to one, it's already negative. So I'm not a fan, but we can take a look at it either way. But I always advise you to trade when you have when the range is in your favor, when you still have room to grow. And in this case, if you're taking a entry right here and the high of the range is already here, this is just it's not beneficial. So you can see once price broke this zone, price took out the liquidity and came back inside of that zone. So yep, this wouldn't be a good idea. Price rejected from in or around this level and expanded. So let's see if we can wait if we can find another consolidation. We do also have a macro. No, we don't. No, we don't. We have another accumulation. Price broke structure. Again, always remember what's happening on the macro. Swing high, swing low, expansion. This is still a supply and demand structure overall. We're looking for an accumulation. We're starting to see price contract here. So, this is somewhat of an accumulation. If you want to look at it from a macro point, you got a swing low, swing high, rejection, rejection. So, you can look at this low right here. and see if you can get a manipulation. Price never manipulated. Now we have this entire range to work with. What do we have here? Price is contracting again. We have a rejection from here and another rejection from right here. So, this would be our manipul uh accumulation. So, what are we waiting for? We're waiting for these lows to be swept. Once these lows are swept, we can conf we can start looking at manipulation. Price swept, but I don't know if I want to confirm this sweep. But let's say if price gets above this zone, we can start looking for buys. We look for a buy once price breaks the zone. And now price broke the zone. Let's see if price comes back. Price might react from this internal. If price reacts from this internal right here, price could potentially start going bullish. And I apologize guys, this might not be the easiest example to follow, but in in fact this might be even better. You guys might start seeing when price is difficult and it's not your textbook example. Okay, so price does seem like it's heading back inside of this range. So this could be our AMD again. What is this is our accumulation. What forced this accumulation was what forced the breakout of this accumulation? this zone right here, we had a buy and a sell. This was the highest point. So, a break above. We're looking for a buy. Okay. So, we would be in a buy in a buy right here with our first target right outside. Once price breaks these highs, we can go to break even and aim higher. Now the price broke these highs, you can go to break even and ride the trade. Perfect. So now that we're getting closer to the intraday scalping model, let's talk about the AMD when it comes to your candle flip. So here you have your candle, you have your candle open, candle high, and candle close. So on the lower time frames, let's say this candle was a daily. On the one hour, what you would see is something like this. you would see your candle open, your candle high and your candle close. So same thing AMD accumulation, manipulation, distribution. So when it comes to your daily profiles, you do understand how the daily candle is formed. And once you understand how the daily candle is formed, you understand that your intraday your intraday price action does show signs of AMD. And the best way to do it is through your session profiles. And what you want to see is like we said, you want the day to start off as a consolidation. You want price to start off accumulating and that accumulation should happen during Sydney and Tokyo, which is your Asian trading session. Then during London, you want to see that manipulation. Once you get that manipulation, you're looking at the confirm looking to confirm it. You you always want to look to the left. Make sure you do have context. And not only that you have context, make sure you are in line with the trend or at least your micro trend, your micro range. You get that manipulation price distributes during London going on the overlap with New York and during New York you will get a reversal to finish off the day with a top wick. So imagine this is your daily candle. Your daily candle opens right here, closes right here. Your daily candle starts off here. Closes right here where the closes and you have a bottom wick right here where the manipulation was. Make this black. And you have a top wick for where the New York reversal was. So, let's take a look how your daily profile plays into your candle flip. And we can also after this look at how the daily flip plays off when it comes to your weekly time frame as well. But as far as the daily, you are looking for that tight consolidation to start off the day, which usually happens during Asia. Have that consolidation manipulation during London reversal during New York here again. And this is one of those stock profiles. This happens more often than any other profile. It's just the basic Forex profile. Accumulation during Asia, manipulation during London, and distribution all the way to a New York reversal. Here again, accumulation, manipulation, distribution, but here the high was made during London, so you had more of a New York retracement. And the thing with this profile even here again tight range manipulation distribution New York reversal. The most valuable thing in this profile, you want to make sure your Asia is tight. You want to see a consolidation once price comes out. That's the best way. And make sure you're in line with the trend. Again, I can make a whole a whole another lesson profiles, but always make sure that your Asia is tight. Your manipulation happens during London and you're going through the exact same process of confirming. So, how would you confirm? You're seeing an external sweep. What pushed price out? You see this zone pushing price out. Once price gets above this zone, then you can confirm your AMD. So, same thing. And always be in line with the trend and have that higher time frame uh context. So, combine all everything you learned in this lesson so far plus these profiles and you'll have no problems. It didn't happen here. Didn't happen here. Didn't happen here. Here you have your tight range manipulation dist distribution throughout London and a New York reversal. This is one of those external cleanups on both sides days here again. accumulation manipulation during London distribution New York reversal. This is why for you guys that are struggling trading New York, make sure you're looking at at your pairs and what you're trading. And a lot of times the strongest moves occur during London. Here again, London takes out Asia. distribution and a retracement. Hope you guys enjoyed this lesson. Make sure you like, share, and subscribe. And let us know in the comments what lesson you guys want next.